SOMTOCHUKWU O.  CHRISTIAN-MADU
Frontend-Focused Full-Stack Web Developer

A: Imo State, Nigeria      P: 234 915 121-3285      E: phemi@gammacode.online      L: www.linkedin.com/in/christian-madu

OBJECTIVE:





Experienced Frontend-Focused Full-Stack Web Developer with strong expertise in Typescript and React, skilled in building fast intuitive and reliable web applications. Possesses solid experience managing complex application state with React and Redux and writing clean maintainable code supported by Jest testing. Result driven and focused on delivering smooth production ready applications. 
SKILLS:



React, NextJS, and VITE
Firebase, MongoDB and Supabase
Restful API Development with Node
Time management
Testing with Jest and RTL
Javascript and Typescript
State Management
TailwindCSS and Bootstrap
Agile Development Workflow
Responsive Design and Development
Git and Github
Project management
Clean Code
Vercel and Render
Version Control Workflows
MOST RECENT WORK EXPERIENCE:



Fullstack Engineer & Project Manager (Contract) 
Boncharly Les Creazion Ltd, Port Harcourt, Nigeria
November 2024 - Present


Leading project planning, task delegation, and timeline management.
Designing and delivering responsive web applications using modern frontend frameworks.
Optimizing website performance and scalability through efficient integration with backend services.
Implementing dynamic features that enhance user interaction and system reliability.
Senior Fullstack Engineer (Contract)    
Southern Basin Limited, Austin Texas
April 2025 - July 2017


Managed project scope, deadlines, and team workflow to deliver a high-quality product on time.
Built a responsive web application using VITE and Tailwind CSS ensuring optimal user experience.
Developed and integrated RESTful APIs for frontend-backend communication.
Streamlined application workflows to enhance scalability and reduce load duration.
EDUCATION:





Bachelor's Degree in Software Engineering   
Federal University Of Technology Owerri, Nigeria
In Progress






INTERESTS:



Aviation Systems, Time Travel, Volleyball and Cooking.


